#Privacy policy MindHacker
AUGUST 22, 2022

Except where noted, statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the Site and MindHacker Offerings also apply to MindHacker mobile device applications ("Apps") for iPhone, iPad and Android devices.

When you visit the website MindHacker.io or use the services of MindHacker via a MindHacker mobile application your personal data may be processed. MindHacker was founded with the philosophy that users retain ownership of their personal data. We know that the manner in which your data is handled and whether it is distributed is important to you. Your privacy is also very important to MindHacker and we take your privacy very seriously. We therefore adhere to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

This means that we:

Clearly record our purposes before we process your personal data, through this privacy and cookie statement;
Store as little personal data as possible and only the data that is necessary for our purposes;
Request explicit permission for the processing of your personal data, if permission is required;
Take necessary security measures to protect your personal information. We also impose these obligations on parties that process personal data for us;
Respect your rights, such as the right to view, correct or delete your personal data processed by us.

This privacy and cookie statement applies to the processing of data for which MindHacker is responsible. This is the case for the data that we collect from you, when you visit the website or when you use the application. For the processing of the personal data that we obtain from you in this way, we determine the purpose and the means. This means that we are your point of contact for these data processing operations.

The terms “personal information” of “personal data” as used in this Privacy Policy shall mean any information that enables us to identify you, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as your name, identification number, location data, online identifier or one or more factors specific to you.
Processing of personal data
In this privacy statement, we explain what we do at MindHacker with information we learn about you when you use our application. Below is indicated per subject which data we obtain from you and how long we keep this data, for what purpose this is done and on what basis. If you have any questions or would like to know exactly what we have stored about you, please contact us using the details at the bottom of this statement.

YOU MUST AFFIRMATIVELY CONSENT TO USE OUR OFFERINGS, AND BY DOING SO, YOU CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS STATED HEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AS STATED HEREIN IN THEIR ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE AND/OR MINDHACKER OFFERINGS.
1. Website
1.1 Cookies and other technologies
We use cookies and other technologies on our website, such as pixel tags and web beacons. The app itself does not use cookies, but websites mentioned in the app may use them.

Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers in the form of text files that are stored by your web browser on your hard drive. These technologies tell us which parts of the website you have visited and optimize the website for you. They are also used to analyze and improve the design and functionalities of the services. In addition, we place cookies to show personalized advertisements.

These cookies collect the following information from you:

IP address;
Cookie ID;
Website and click behavior;
Referer URL.

We may use a third party to analyze certain online activities and improve our products and services. These parties can, for example, analyze the visitor activities on the website. We can give these parties permission to use cookies and other technologies to use their services. We do not share personal information of our users with these third parties, nor do they collect this information on our behalf. We have made agreements with these parties about the use of cookies. However, we do not have full control over what they do with the cookies themselves. So please also read their privacy statements.

The table below provides an overview of the cookies we use:


Cookies and entities
Type
Purpose
Retention period
Google Tag Manager

Google LLC, Amerika

​​Privacy statement
Functional
Cookies from Google Tag Manager make it possible to load scripts from other cookies. Google Tag Manager is purely functional and is not used to collect personal data.
Session
Google Analytics

Google LLC, Amerika

​​Privacy statement
Analytic
These cookies are placed to gain insight into visitor behavior and to improve the user experience based on this. We have set these cookies to be privacy-friendly. That means that we: (i) have entered into a processor agreement with Google; (ii) only give Google masked IP addresses; (iii) do not share any further data with Google; and (iv) we use Google Data Studio in Google Analytics to display the data.
Maximum 26 months
Google DoubleClick

Google LLC, Amerika

​​Privacy statement
Marketing
These cookies are used to record the website visitor's actions on the website after viewing or clicking on advertisements. The purpose of these is to measure effectiveness and display personalized advertisements.
Maximum 6 months
Miscellaneous:
First party cookies with strictly functional purposes.
Functional
These cookies enable necessary functionalities of the website, such as remembering the chosen language and whether there is permission for cookies, displaying the cookie banner, etc.
Maximum 24 months



When you visit our website for the first time, we show a notification with an explanation about cookies. In this, we will ask for your consent to the use of cookies, insofar as we are obliged to do so.
1.2 Enabling and disabling cookies
You can set your web browser to only accept the storage of cookies if you agree to this. For more information, consult the manual of your browser. Note: many websites do not work optimally if the cookies are disabled.
1.3 Removal of cookies
Most cookies have an expiration date. If an expiration date is set, the cookie is automatically deleted when the expiration date expires. You can also choose to manually delete the cookies before the expiration date has passed. Consult the manual of your browser for this.
1.4 Social media buttons
On our website we use social media buttons, which redirect you to the relevant social media platforms. This gives you the option to follow us and to share content within the network. You will also see advertisements on your social media page. If you click on a social media button, the relevant service can place one or more cookie(s) for recognition. If you want to know what the social media platforms do with your personal data, please read the relevant privacy statement:

Google Plus privacy statement;
Facebook privacy statement;
Twitter privacy statement;
Whatsapp privacy statement;
LinkedIn privacy statement.

2. Application
2.1 What personal data does MindHacker collect via the application and for what purposes?
MindHacker will only process your personal data in accordance with the GDPR. MindHacker processes your personal data for the following purposes:
2.1.1 Download our application
To use our services, you must download our application. You can do this via the App Store or Google Play. We have no influence on which personal data the provider (Apple or Google) processes and for what purpose. We recommend that you read the relevant privacy statements of the respective provider.
2.1.2 Registration
If you wish to use our application, you must first register for a MindHacker user account. We will then create an account for you, on which you can log in with your email address and password of your choice.

To create an account for you, we use your:

username;
email address;
self-chosen password;

We process this personal data to be able to execute the agreement we enter into with you. We keep this information until you cancel the account.

You are responsible for the security of your login name and password. If you believe that your credentials have become known to a third party, you should change your password immediately. We are not responsible if someone else gains access to your account with your login details or through a violation of the terms and conditions or this privacy policy.
2.1.3 Authentication
By logging into your account you will have access to your own positive diary when and where you want. In the application you also have access to a management environment where you can set, specify and change things yourself.

For this we use your:

username
email address;

We do this to be able to execute the agreement that we enter into with you. We keep this information until you cancel your account.
2.1.4 Research participation
To improve our services, we use general research into the use of our application.

For this we use your:

usage data;

We do this on the basis of your consent. We will retain this information until you terminate your account. You can withdraw your consent at any time by sending an email to gdpr@mindhacker.io.
3. General
3.1 Contact
Via the contact form on our website you can ask questions or request information about MindHacker. In addition, you can also contact us by telephone or via email support@mindhacker.io.

For this we use your:

name;
email address;
any information that you enter yourself as the content of your message;
any information discussed during the telephone conversation.

We do this in order to properly handle your request to contact you and to execute the agreement with you. We retain this information until we are sure that you are satisfied with our response.
3.2 Anonymous data
We anonymise all personal data that we obtain through the use of our services to ensure that the data cannot be traced back to you and what remains are anonymous statistics. The statistical data is no longer personal data and therefore no privacy risks are associated with its use.

We have a legitimate interest in anonymizing data. We need the anonymized data to perform statistical analyses and to improve our services. Because we carefully carry out the anonymisation and the data cannot be traced back to you afterwards, your privacy is guaranteed.


3.3 Encrypted backup
The content of the application is stored locally on your mobile device and is not uploaded to any of our servers. In the event that you choose to backup your data, your data will be encrypted via the Advanced Encryption Standard (Rijndael) with your personal password before it is securely uploaded to our servers. Because your personal password remains completely private (as it is not stored on any of our servers), your backup can only be decrypted by you. This ensures that your data will also remain completely private.
3.4 Are there situations where third parties have access to my personal data?
MindHacker will only share your data with other companies or institutions if this is necessary for the execution of the agreement, if we have received permission from you or if we are legally obliged to do so (for example, if the police require this when a crime is suspected).

The parties that process personal data on our or your assignment are:

cookie providers;
IT suppliers and service providers;
marketing companies;
our hosting provider;
payment processors (see 3.3.1).

We have concluded a processing agreement with these companies to ensure that they handle your data with care.
3.4.1 Payment processors
Apple’s iTunes Store
MindHacker may use Apple Inc.’s billing software to process purchases of, and paid subscriptions to, MindHacker Apps made through the iTunes Store. As a result, when arranging your purchase via your mobile device or through the iTunes Store, you may be asked to provide personal information to Apple Inc., such as your name, email address or zip code (for billing purposes). This information is collected via Apple as part of it’s subscription process. It is neither collected nor used by MindHacker.

Google’s Play Store
MindHacker may use Google Play’s billing software to process purchases of, and paid subscriptions to, MindHacker Apps made through the Google Play Store. As a result, when arranging your purchase via your mobile device or through the Google Play Store, you may be asked to provide personal information to Google, such as your name, email address or zip code (for billing purposes). This information is collected via Google as part of it’s subscription process. It is neither collected nor used by MindHacker.

3.5 Is your personal data secured?
MindHacker takes appropriate technical and organizational measures with regard to the processing of personal data to be carried out, against loss or against any form of unlawful processing (such as unauthorized access, damage, modification or provision of personal data). This means that MindHacker uses a combination of, among other things, firewalls, encryption and authentication procedures to keep your personal data safe and to protect user accounts and systems from unauthorized access.

However, it is important to understand that these measures only apply to our website, application and systems. We have no control over how information is stored, maintained and displayed by third parties or on third party sites. We also have no control over what happens to the data if you have shared it with third parties.

Use of an operating system other than one provided by your device manufacturer, or modifications to the operating system supplied by the manufacturer (“jailbreaking” or “rooting”) may pose additional security risks, including the possibility of unauthorized access to your personal data. In this case MindHacker does not guarantee the security of your data.
3.6 What about children?
Our service does not intend to collect data about website visitors or application users under the age of 16. Unless they have permission from their parents or guardian. However, we cannot check whether a visitor is older than 16. We therefore advise parents to be involved in the online activities of their children, in order to prevent data about children from being collected without parental consent. If we become aware that a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will take steps to delete this information as soon as possible.
3.7 What privacy rights do you have?
If you have any questions or want to know what personal data we have about you, you can always contact us. See the contact details below.

You have the following rights:

Right of access: you have the right to view the personal data that we process about you.
Right to rectification: you have the right to correct or supplement the personal data that we process about you if they are incorrect or incomplete.
Right to withdraw your consent: you can easily withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to object: you can object to the processing of your personal data.
Right to removal: you can request us to erase your personal data.
Right to data transfer: you have the right to receive your personal data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transfer that data to another controller without being hindered by us as controller to whom you have previously provided your personal data.
Right to restriction of processing: in some cases you can request to limit the processing of your personal data (whether or not temporarily), which means that we process less data from you.

We may ask you to identify yourself with your request. We request data for this to ensure that you are the right person to whom the personal data belongs.

In principle, we will comply with your request within 30 days. However, this period may be extended for reasons related to the specific rights of data subjects or the complexity of the request. If we extend this period, we will notify you in a timely manner.

If you wish to exercise one of your rights, you can make this known via gdpr@mindhacker.io. You can read our GDPR statement on our website.
3.8 Is this policy subject to change?
We may periodically adjust this policy. The date of the most recent change appears at the top of this privacy statement. Changes take effect immediately after they are made public. If changes have been made, we will notify you.
3.9 Filing a complaint
If you feel that we are not helping you in the right way, you have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority. For the Netherlands, this is the Dutch Data Protection Authority.
3.10 Contact details
MindHacker
Grootveld 57
5583 GH Waalre
Chamber of Commerce number: 82522413
E-mail address: gdpr@mindhacker.io
Telephone: 06-57023687

